fix: Do not modify the origin request in RoundTripper (#4033)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/gopkg.in/macaron.v1/otelmacaron`
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace`
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`

> - Shouldn't modify the origin request in RoundTripper (#4033)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not modify the origin request in RoundTripper in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4033)
```
